---
layout: about
---
# Strategic partners. Global leaders.

Kurensē has formed partnerships with some of the most
exciting technology companies in the electronic payments industry to provide
card management, processing and customer support for our unique suite of
prepaid card programs.

<img class='partners' src='/images/partners/mastercard.png' />

## Mastercard International, Incorporated

MasterCard Worldwide advances global commerce by providing a critical
economic link among financial institutions, businesses, cardholders and
merchants worldwide. As a franchisor, processor and advisor, MasterCard
develops and markets payment solutions, processes more than 18 billion
transactions each year and provides industry-leading analysis and consulting
services to financial institution customers and merchants. Through its family
of brands, including MasterCard&reg; Maestro&reg; and Cirrus&reg; MasterCard
serves consumers and businesses in more than 210 countries and territories.

<img class='partners' src='/images/partners/fis.png' />

## Fidelity Information Services (FIS)

FIS delivers banking and payments technologies to more than 14,000 financial
institutions and businesses in more than 90 countries worldwide. FIS provides
financial institution core processing and card issuer and transaction
processing services, including the NYCE Network. FIS maintains processing and
technology relationships with 40 of the top 50 global banks, including nine
of the top 10. Headquartered in Jacksonville, Fla., FIS employs approximately
30,000 on a global basis.

<img class='partners' src='/images/partners/center_state_bank.png' />

## Center State Bank

CenterSate Bank is a leading issuer of network branded prepaid cards and has
consistently delivered outstanding results for its program partners.
Long-standing relationships with card associations and industry leading
networks and processors are the key to the organization’s success.

<img class='partners' src='/images/partners/cincytech.png' />

## CincyTech

CincyTech is a public-private venture development organization that invests
in startup businesses in high-tech industries in Southwest Ohio. With
substantial support from Ohio Third Frontier and corporations, foundations,
civic organizations and individuals here, it is stimulating the growth of
venture-worthy companies in information technology, bioscience and advanced
manufacturing.
